Update the Command mode docs page (#2826)
apache/camel-quarkus: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/user-guide/command-mode.adoc

= Command Mode Applications

Camel Quarkus is typically used for creating integration applications that run as long living processes.
In this chapter, we are going to have a look at a slightly different use case:
utilizing Camel Quarkus for writing programs that exit by themselves after performing some desired tasks.

== Where can this be useful?

The enterprise is full of scheduled batch processing. Say, some system exports some sort of reports daily at 4 a.m.
Those need to be transformed (e.g. XML -> Excel) and transferred somewhere else (e.g. via mail, FTP, etc.)

Camel is a perfect match for doing the transformation and the transfer.
However, having a service running 24/7 for doing something useful just once a day would probably be an overkill.
Combining a https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron[Cron job] (or a similar scheduling technology)
with a command line utility may suit much better in situations like this.

== How to write a command line tool with Camel Quarkus

> There are just one things where it would differ from a stock Camel Quarkus application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is just one thing where it would differ from a stock Camel Quarkus application:
```

Author: +1, thanks!

Originally, there were two things and apparently I have not refactored the sentence properly.
